Goal- The goal of this program is to get more knowledge of memory management in C++ by using heap structures. In this program we are asked to create a student record by using a class to represent data such as address, gpa, credits, graduation date etc. As the data is quite big and handles lot of different elements in it I used various header file, cpp file, and a make file to break it down and focus on specific sections at a time. Address.h and Address.cpp deals with addresses of students, Date.h and date.cpp deals with all the dates in the student record, the student.h and student.cpp takes data from address and date .h and .cpp file to combine it with the remaining data which is stored in it. The main.cpp is to open all .dat and .txt file and write the required data from it to the full and short report .txt file. 

Input- Since almost all the files are inter connect every single file is connect to each other in some way. Address.cpp takes input from address.h and student.dat file, Date.cpp takes input from date.h and student.dat file, student.h takes input from address.h and date.h, student.cpp takes input from student.h address.h date.h and student.dat, finally main.cpp takes input from student.h and student.dat.

Output- After completing the program there will be 2 main outputs, fullreport.txt and shortreport.txt. All the .cpp and .h files will work towards giving out the required data. The fullreport.txt will contain data like address, gpa, and all dates, whereas shortreport.txt will contain just the student names. The main.cpp will output both of the .txt files after organising it in the way we want it. 

Steps- The fullreport.txt and shortreport.txt will take input from the .dat file and the .dat file will input the .cpp file and .h file which will also input the both text files after they organize the given data to them in a certain way. Also the working is explained in goal, input and output. 
